### Design proposal
We propose to design an institute for learning about and prototyping in earth construction. Our idea is a response to the current problem of inadequate infrastructure and housing which has failed to keep up with the increasingly permanent nature of the lives of Zaatari's residents. We imagine a place for activities such as prototyping and testing of earth blocks and techniques in earth construction, conducting classes and workshops to teach theoretical and practical aspects of earth related building and places for cooking, dining and socialising. 
<br /><br />  In response to the resources available in the camp, we propose to use PET bottles and used tent fabric in combination with earth. 
Our proposed location for the institute is just outside the Eastern edge of the plot, at the end of Al.Yasmin Street. It has access for vehicles by road and an existing truck parking space in the vicinity. Al.Yasmin Street is currently dotted with markets and shops on the Western half of the camp. The earth institute will function as a node on the other end of this axis, thus creating a potential landmark for Zaatari camp.

### Area Programme 
The design process of our earth institute starts with an area programme. Each function and its corresponding area requirement are listed in a Google spreadsheet. This is the input for the Grasshopper script. The spreadsheet is linked to Grasshopper using the Leafcutter plug-in. A grid with unit size 6m x 6m is considered. The units can later be translated into circular or rectilinear spaces and combined into spaces larger than the grid unit where the function requires it. The spreadsheet determines the number of units required for each function, with the option of selecting 2m, 4m or 6m units. 
